Improve the description where to get nethost files (#1784)
dotnet/samples: core/hosting/HostWithHostFxr/readme.md

Demonstrates how to locate and initialize .NET Core 3.0 from a non-.NET Core process and subsequently load and call into  a .NET Core assembly.

> The `nethost` header and library are part of the `Microsoft.NETCore.DotNetAppHost` package and are also installed as a runtime pack by the .NET SDK. The library should be deployed alongside the host. This sample uses the files installed with the .NET SDK.  

Reviewer: Should this say .NET Core SDK?

```suggestion
The `nethost` header and library are part of the `Microsoft.NETCore.DotNetAppHost` package and are also installed as a runtime pack by the .NET Core SDK. The library should be deployed alongside the host. This sample uses the files installed with the .NET Core SDK.  
```

> *Note: The `Microsoft.NETCore.DotNetAppHost` package is just a meta package which itself doesn't contain the files. It only references RID specific packages which do. So for example the package with the actual files for `linux-x64` is `runtime.linux-x64.Microsoft.NETCore.DotNetAppHost`.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Note: The `Microsoft.NETCore.DotNetAppHost` package is just a meta package which itself doesn't contain the files. It only references RID specific packages which do contain the files. For example, the package with the actual files for `linux-x64` is `runtime.linux-x64.Microsoft.NETCore.DotNetAppHost`.*
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: The `Microsoft.NETCore.DotNetAppHost` package is a [metapackage](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/packages#metapackages) that doesn't actually contain the files. It only references RID-specific packages that do contain the files. For example, the package with the actual files for `linux-x64` is `runtime.linux-x64.Microsoft.NETCore.DotNetAppHost`.*
```

Prerequisites
------------

> * .NET Core SDK 3.0 - https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [.NET Core 3.0 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) or a later version
```
